abashed ashamed
 abhorrence repulsion
abilities  attainments
abject hopeless
ably  vigorously
Abrupt perilous
 absolute eternal
absorbed Occupied
abstinence self-denial
abstract metaphysical
absurd impertinent
abundant sustained
abuse slander
accentual rhythmic
accidental temporary
accomplished popular
accurate illuminating
achievement character
acquisition possession
active aggressive
actual immediate
acute painful
admirable accomplished
adorned amplified
adroitness judgment
adventurous prodigal
advice assistance
affable courteous
affectation coquetry
affectionate warm-hearted
affluent exuberant
affright abhorrence
agencies influences
ages generations
aggrandizement plunder
agreeable ingenuous
aggressive sullen
aghast incredulous
agility briskness
agitate control
agony despair
aids auxiliaries
aim purpose
airy frivolous
alarm uneasiness
alert unsparing
all sundry
allegiance fidelity
alone undistracted
alterations additions
amazement admiration
ambiguity disagreement
ambition determination
amiable unpretending
ample admirable
amusing clever
analytical critical
anarchy chaos
ancient venerable
anecdote reminiscence
anger fury
anguish hopelessness
animated effective
anomalies absurdities
antagonism opposition
antipathies distastes
antiquated obsolete
anxiety trepidation
apathy torpor
apologetic uneasy
appalling devastating
apparent palpable
appearance surroundings
apprehensive anxious
appropriate eloquent
approve admire
apt novel
archness vivacity
ardent aspiring
argument inference
arid unprofitable
arrangement combination
arrogant overbearing
artificial elaborate
artistic literary
artlessness urbanity
ashamed speechless
aspects phases
aspiring triumphal
assiduity success
assimilated combined
assuaged pacified
astonished curious
astound perplex
athletic nimble
atonement forgiveness
atrocious abominable
attacks intrigues
attention respect
attitudes expressions
attractiveness ability
audacity skill
august splendid
austere icy
available capable
avarice cruelty
avidity earnestness
awake active
awe reverence
awkwardness crudity
